Background of the Enterprise:
Business named "The Nidas Footwear" is a small business chain consisting of 5 shops, each shopshaving a staff of upto 10 people. The business is growing rapidly because if customer satisfaction and quality of footwear that business is providing to the customers.
Current IT Setup:
Currently, all the shops have thier independent POS(Point of Sales system) that is keeping the record of the mentioned below things up to three for all the shops independently.
Daily Customer Billing Sales.
Daily Financial of the only concerned shop for all the products.
Transactions if Cash/Inventory in the shop.
Discounts if we want to apply on a products.
Attendance and Salary of the staff
There are some of the reasons because of which the IT head and owner of the business is worried because of rapid growth of business that are mentioned below.
The shops are not interconnected through any medium, meaning all the shops have thier independent data on thier POS.
The shops don't have any end ERP system where we are gathering all the information about inventory, warehouse, products, daily sales, Purchases, Production of the material, Information  of Customers and Vendors etc.
It is much difficult to sale the POS vertically or Horizontally ( By memory or Speed/Ram) in the short time span.
The business don't have any security measures over the data
IT head/owner can't access data from anywhere other than the POS systems.


Contrast of cloud vas no-cloud soluctions for wach aspect of the Infrastructure:

The concerned supply chain business is spending a good amount of capital but the solution is not effective in terms of managment and reliability.So the plan is to move all the systems to a unified.
local server or Cloud that should have a small sized ERP system ERP system and data Integration services to integrate the data from POS to ERP ( that is whether on cloud or on Local Server, which we will device in the nect portion).

For supply chain business Infrastructure  to grow rapidly we need a solution that must be cost effective, secure,accessible for the desired roles, easily salable and must have high performance and speed for deployments and migrations.


Recommendation, noting where no-cloud, or if cloud, what service level and deployment type is appropiate for each aspect of Infrastructure 

Business is considering deifferent aspects of infrastructure  to decide whether they have to migrate the business to a Local Server or Cloud, that are described as follow.

1- Accessibility 

In cloud, data is accessible any where in the world of the chain stores to the permissible roles.
Whereas, in non-cloud or local servers accessibility  is not that much easy.

2- Scalability 

It is very easy to scale systems vertically(By Ram/speed) or horizontal (By space / ROM )in just one click with the concept of virtual machines and storage mechanisms that could  provides.
Whereas, non-cloud or local servers, it is very difficult to scale machines or servers in as efficient time with the safety of data.

3- Cost efficiency:

In cloud, we use pay as you grow mechanism meaning we can expand systems vertically or horizontally just in one click with the needs of business and we don't have to puchase any hardware, so cloud is more cost efficient.

whereas in non-cloud, chances of loss of data are comparatively high and for the security of the data, business have to spend a great amount of data.

6- Training for the Implementation:

In cloud,  the resources managing IT infrastructure require more training than in non-cloud or local server to manage IT infrastructure in cloud according to cost efficiency.But if the person/ team is highly trained than the 
chances for a good Business technical implementaion is high in Cloud.

7-  Deployment time:

The server is up and running seconds after you configure it where as Non-cloud take longer deployment times.


Justification for each final recommendation provided:

As described above in the comparison portion of cloud and Non-Cloud and Non-cloud infrasture for the "Nidas Footwear". Non-cloud Infrastructures 
limits company to scale rapidly because people will be focused more on maintenance and upgration of infrastructure rather than the growth of business 
and the satisfaction of client. Mpre over, Cloud is also the cost effective more secure and fast integrator solution for the business needs.
